Updated alt attributes of some images in "getting_started_with_web" guide. (#19616)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/javascript_basics/index.md

    myHeading.textContent = 'Hello world!';
    ```

> 5. Make sure the HTML and JavaScript files are saved. Then load `index.html` in your browser. You should see something like this:![New H1 heading element created and rendered in DOM using javascript](hello-world.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make sure the HTML and JavaScript files are saved. Then load `index.html` in your browser. You should see something like this:!

[Heading "hello world" above a firefox logo](hello-world.png)
```

      <td><code>-</code>, <code>*</code>, <code>/</code></td>
      <td>
        <code

> >9 - 3;<br />8* 2; // multiply in JS is an asterisk<br />9 / 3;</code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>9 - 3;<br />8 * 2; // multiply in JS is an asterisk<br />9 / 3;</code
```

If you have followed all the instructions in this article, you should end up with a page that looks something like the image below. You can also [view our version](https://mdn.github.io/beginner-html-site-scripted/).

> ![Final look of HTML page after creating elements and adding DOM Manipulation (user interactions) using JavaScript](website-screen-scripted.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Final look of HTML page after creating elements: a header, large centered logo, content, and a button](website-screen-scripted.png)
```
